c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe.config
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.pdb
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Home.resources
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Empoyer Registration System.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Empoyer Registration System.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer Registration System.pdb
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Empoyer Registration System.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\source\repos\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Add_Edit.resources
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe.config
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer Registration System.pdb
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.exe
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\bin\Debug\Employer Registration System.pdb
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Empoyer Registration System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Add_Edit.resources
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Home.resources
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Employer_Registration_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Samila\Desktop\Employer Registration System\Employer Registration System\obj\Debug\Empoyer Registration System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
